<b># DnD_Character_Generator</b>
Web based JavaScript character generator for 5E Dungeons and Dragons.

  It randomly generates the values for you to drag-and-drop them into labeled stat blocks, then you can pick and class from a drop-down menu
and it will pull the data from https://www.dnd5eapi.co/ for that classes "Hit Die" and with a number generated by the stat chosen for the
Character’s "Constitution" it will generate the health total for your character. 

The three features I choose to include in my project are as follows:

<b>Retrieve data from an external API and display data in your app (such as with fetch() or with AJAX)</b>

  I use fetch a couple of times to get info from https://www.dnd5eapi.co/ once to generate the options in the select menu and then again
once a selection is made, I get the “hit Die” for the selected class.

<b>Create and array, dictionary of list, populate it with multiple values, retrieve at least one value, and use or display it in your application.</b>

  When the user pushes the “Roll Stats” button it creates an array of 6 numbers that are generated with a function meant to simulate
the rolling of four, six-sided dice and dropping the lowest (I like for my players to have a more consistent stat line so I generate 2 random numbers
between one and six and then add six to the sum of those numbers.) The generated numbers are displayed in a box after the button is pressed and can
be drag-and-drop into labeled stat boxes below them.

  I believe that my drop-down menu also checks this box as an array of classes is generated from data pulled from the API and injected into the HTML.
  
<b>Implement a drag-and-drop interface that allows the user to move elements or items on the page around. For example,
drag a file or an image into the app from your desktop and have it display.</b>

  The stats generated by the “Roll Stats” button are elements that can be drag-and-dropped.


